dbt-materialize: refactor custom index materialization (#11613)
MaterializeInc/materialize: misc/dbt-materialize/README.md

`view`             | YES        | Creates a [view].
`materializedview` | YES        | Creates a [materialized view].
`table`            | YES        | Creates a [materialized view]. (Actual table support pending [#5266].)

> `index`            | NO         | Deprecated. Create a materializedview, view, or source with an index instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index`            | YES         | (Deprecated) Creates an index. Use the `indexes` config to create indexes on `materializedview`, `view` or `source` relations instead.
```
